---
layout: post
title: "Site Is Up"
modified: 
categories: 
tags: [site, jekyll, github]
date: 2014-10-20T14:14:29-04:00
---

Well, after the hosting of my homepage deleted my account about six months ago, I knew I should probably build another one.  I've been playing around with flask, a python backend for websites, and thought, boy I should build a personal website.  And I really shouldn't use Flask for it!


Flask is great, don't get me wrong, but for a personal site, a static site will be faster to build, faster to load, and faster to edit the content of.  My last site was built in wordpress, which seems to be the de facto blogging framework.  It gets you off the ground quickly, so that you can be thinking about content without worrying about design.  Sounds great, except I hated using it.  

Wordpress is huge and bloated, and all the interaction you have with it is at such a high level, you don't really feel like you're doing anything tangible.  Also, the fear of changing something without knowing how or why is constant.  If there's a bug, tracking it down would be an absolute nightmare.  I like working closer to the ground, so to speak.

So after a lot of hemming and hawing, I decided on github as the host, which means I had to get comfortable with Jekyll.  Jekyll is essentially conversion/templating software for markdown to generate static sites, and it's great!

To get the site off the ground as quickly as possible, I decided to use a pre-built theme.  I settled on [minimal mistakes](https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes) built by [Michael Rose](https://mademistakes.com/).  It's simple, elegant, and precisely what I was looking for.  I recommend it, as he's put a lot of thought and love into it.  I found it very easy to play with to suit my own needs, which is what I most want in a theme!